Provide example network policies for the web terminal operator (#78504)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-access-web-terminal.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> * A single DevWorkspace CR defines the web terminal of a single user. The web terminal status and container image components are referenced from this CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* One `DevWorkspace` CR defines the web terminal of one user. The web terminal status and container image components are referenced from this CR.
```
If possible, it would be best to eliminate the passive voice in the second sentence ("are referenced").

Author: Updated to:
```
One `DevWorkspace` CR defines the web terminal of one user.
This CR contains details about the user's web terminal status and container image components.
```
